Add documentation to reusable containers (#6216)
testcontainers/testcontainers-java: docs/features/reuse.md

# Reusable Containers (Experimental)

!!! warning 
    Reusable containers is still an experimental feature and the behavior can change.
    Those containers won't stop after all tests are finished.

> Reusable containers enables to keep containers running. In order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reusable containers feature keeps the containers running between the test sessions. In order
```

to achieve it, manual initialization should be used by calling `start()`
and should be enabled by environment. In order to reuse a container, the
configuration *must not change*.

!!! note
    Reusable containers doesn't suit for CI usage and as an experimental feature

>     not all Testcontainers features are working such as cleanup, parallelization

Reviewer: what's "parallelization" in this context?

Author: I wanted to reference to `ℹ️ Locking - two parallel tests with the same hash will reuse the same container` as mentioned in the [original PR](https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-java/pull/1781) but I think I get it wrong and should be dropped.

    or networking.

## How to use it

* Define container with `withReuse(true)`

```java

> GenericContainer container = new GenericContainer("redis:2.6.17")

Reviewer: Let's "modernize" it :D 

```suggestion
GenericContainer container = new GenericContainer("redis:6-alpine")
```

    .withExposedPorts(6379)
    .withReuse(true)
```

> * If using Testcontainers JDBC URL support *should* pass `TC_REUSABLE=true`  parameter

Reviewer: We should probably move this bulletpoint to somewhere else, to not confuse as it looks like an environment variable :D

Author: I've added an URL example at the end of the sentence. Do you think, that's enough to cover it?

Reviewer: Commented 👍

> * If using Testcontainers JDBC URL support *should* pass `TC_REUSABLE=true`  parameter. E.g `jdbc:tc:mysql:5.7.34:///databasename?TC_REUSABLE=true`

Reviewer: let's maybe move it to a separate section, `## Usage with the JDBC URL support` or something like that?

Author: move to a new section inside of `How to use it`

* Opt-in to reuse in `~/.testcontainers.properties`, adding `testcontainers.reuse.enable=true`

> * Containers should be started manually using container.start(). See [docs](https://www.testcontainers.org/test_framework_integration/manual_lifecycle_control/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Containers should be started manually using `container.start()`. See [docs](https://www.testcontainers.org/test_framework_integration/manual_lifecycle_control/)
```

> * Containers should be started manually using `container.start()`. See [docs](https://www.testcontainers.org/test_framework_integration/manual_lifecycle_control/)

Reviewer: should use a relative reference

# Reusable Containers (Experimental)

!!! warning 

>     Reusable containers is still an experimental feature and the behavior can change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Reusable Containers is still an experimental feature and the behavior can change.
```

    Those containers won't stop after all tests are finished.

> Reusable containers feature keeps the containers running between the test sessions. In order
> to achieve it, manual initialization should be used by calling `start()`
> and should be enabled by environment. In order to reuse a container, the
> configuration *must not change*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Reusable Containers* feature keeps the containers running between test sessions. In order
to use it, manual container lifecycle instrumentation should be used by calling the `start()` method
and it needs to be manually enabled through an opt-in mechanism. In order to reuse a container, the
configuration of the container *must not change*.
```

!!! note

>     Reusable containers doesn't suit for CI usage and as an experimental feature
>     not all Testcontainers features are working such as resources cleanup
>     or networking.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Reusable containers are not suited for CI usage and as an experimental feature
    not all Testcontainers features are fully working (e.g., resource cleanup
    or networking).
```

## How to use it

> * Define container with `withReuse(true)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Define a container with `withReuse(true)`
```

```java

> GenericContainer container = new GenericContainer("redis:6-alpine")

Reviewer 2: Ideally we have a code include, but I think for such a small snippet, it is fine 😉

    .withExposedPorts(6379)
    .withReuse(true)
```

> * Opt-in to reuse in `~/.testcontainers.properties`, adding `testcontainers.reuse.enable=true`
> * Containers should be started manually using `container.start()`. See [docs](../../test_framework_integration/manual_lifecycle_control)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Opt-in to Reusable Containers in `~/.testcontainers.properties`, by adding `testcontainers.reuse.enable=true`
* Containers need to be started manually using `container.start()`. See [docs](../../test_framework_integration/manual_lifecycle_control)
```

### Reusable Container with Testcontainers JDBC URL

> If using [Testcontainers JDBC URL support](../../modules/databases/jdbc#database-containers-launched-via-jdbc-url-scheme)
> url **must** be like `jdbc:tc:mysql:5.7.34:///databasename?TC_REUSABLE=true`. `TC_REUSABLE=true` parameter is passed to
> the URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If using the [Testcontainers JDBC URL support](../../modules/databases/jdbc#database-containers-launched-via-jdbc-url-scheme)
the URL **must** follow the pattern of `jdbc:tc:mysql:5.7.34:///databasename?TC_REUSABLE=true`. `TC_REUSABLE=true` is set as a parameter of the JDBC URL.
```
